[All versions][Bluetooth] Added remark regarding createBonding (#2060)
Samsung/tizen-docs: docs/application/web/guides/connectivity/bluetooth.md

   ```

   > [!NOTE]

>    > The MAC address of the Bluetooth device is a `BluetoothAddress` object (in [mobile](../../api/latest/device_api/mobile/tizen/bluetooth.html#BluetoothAddress), [wearable](../../api/latest/device_api/wearable/tizen/bluetooth.html#BluetoothAddress), and [tv](../../api/latest/device_api/tv/tizen/bluetooth.html#BluetoothAddress) applications). You can get the MAC address of the peer device from the `BluetoothDevice` object (in [mobile](../../api/latest/device_api/mobile/tizen/bluetooth.html#BluetoothDevice), [wearable](../../api/latest/device_api/wearable/tizen/bluetooth.html#BluetoothDevice), and [tv](../../api/latest/device_api/tv/tizen/bluetooth.html#BluetoothDevice) applications), which is returned in the success callback of the `BluetoothAdapter`'s `getKnownDevices()` and `discoverDevices()` methods. Address of bonding device should be always retrieved with one of mentioned methods, bonding to the address provided 'by-hand' can lead to unexpected result or failure.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   > The MAC address of the Bluetooth device is a `BluetoothAddress` object (in [mobile](../../api/latest/device_api/mobile/tizen/bluetooth.html#BluetoothAddress), [wearable](../../api/latest/device_api/wearable/tizen/bluetooth.html#BluetoothAddress), and [tv](../../api/latest/device_api/tv/tizen/bluetooth.html#BluetoothAddress) applications). You can get the MAC address of the peer device from the `BluetoothDevice` object (in [mobile](../../api/latest/device_api/mobile/tizen/bluetooth.html#BluetoothDevice), [wearable](../../api/latest/device_api/wearable/tizen/bluetooth.html#BluetoothDevice), and [tv](../../api/latest/device_api/tv/tizen/bluetooth.html#BluetoothDevice) applications), which is returned in the success callback of the `BluetoothAdapter`'s `getKnownDevices()` and `discoverDevices()` methods. Address of bonding device should be always retrieved with one of the mentioned methods, bonding to the address provided `by-hand` can lead to unexpected result or failure.
```
